---
layout: post
title:  "Learning Philosophy"
date:   2020-10-05 10:00:00 +0800
categories: Education
tags: Learning
---
**Learning Philosophy**

Over the past month, I have participated in various edtech challenges that have contributed to my development in the world of education and technology. They have also contributed to my knowledge of the process of learning and motivation. These challenges gave me the opportunity to learn many technical resources and established different learning strategies not only for myself but for others as well.

Technology in the classroom has been a dominant topic in this class. I think that technology can give students the opportunity to learn equally and in individualized ways. The use of technology gives students and professionals alike the opportunity to cooperate and connect with people all around the world. This perspective is modeled off of Connectivism theory, which states that learning can take place across many different communities and networks. Students and learners are encouraged to use technology to expand networks as well as learn from various perspectives and resources. I was able to expand my professional learning network though Feedly and other online communities. Another way professionals, especially educators, can exchange experiences and strategies is through twitter chats. I learned the most when I was able to understand and listen to other people's viewpoints, and how they respond to my own perspective. I believe that one of the best ways to learn is through collaboration and teamwork. "There is a critical need to teach and foster basic creative thinking among today's students, but of particular importance is the need to develop their abilities to engage in collaborative creativity" (West 2013). There are various claims to why collaborative work is successful. Group work allows students to express diverse viewpoints and opinions, groups share one common goal and students are able to reflect on each other's participation and achievements. Personally, I think that group work takes much of the stress off of assignments and projects.

I think one of the most influential challenges we completed was the digital detox.Technology has been taking over the educational world and even in our personal lives. In the article, "Why science says boredom is good for the brain", writer Manoush Zomorodi stated that boredom helps engage creativity. Since students have a dominant access to devices, and technology is becoming a dominant presence in education, information overload can take effect on their mental and physical health (Noonoo 2013). I really believe that students and professionals should implement digital detoxes. Relaxing the brain can help students' creativity cultivate and immerse themselves in effective learning.

One of my own personal philosophies is my view on video games in education. In one of the articles I read, "Video Games and the Future of Learning", the authors mention how video games can create more powerful ways for students to learn. (Shaffer et al 2005). Video games can provide a variety of different contexts in which students can learn through virtual worlds. Open-world and sandbox games can engage students' cognitive creativity. There are many other games that can apply puzzle/problem solving skills as well as strategy. Video games can also integrate different learning styles, including collaborative as well as individual. Video games can also incorporate the principles of the Constructivist theory of learning. Constructivism is a learning theory that can use technology to create more individualized learning for students. This theory focuses on how the learner interprets new knowledge and applies it to personal learning experiences. "Most cognitive psychologists think of the mind as a reference tool to the real world, constructivists believe that the mind filters input from the world to produce its own reality" (Ertmer & Newby 2013). Video games present learners with different experiences and tasks; players have to use their knowledge to complete objectives and challenges. Their interpretations and solutions to these challenges are the key to their learning development. I believe that video games can be an excellent tool in teaching students various cognitive and problem solving skills in the classroom.

Some of my most active learning experiences was through the learning challenges. One of the most effective learning strategies for myself was through instruction of the subjects as well as interest in constructing these presentations. I found that I learned the most when I was constructing the 3D model, Flipgrid, Powtoon, Scratch game and Infographic because I wanted to completely understand the material before I was confident in presenting it. I became extremely motivated to complete this task to a high standard because I wanted to present the subjects clearly and effectively. Motivation is one of the most important aspects of learning. I definitely connect with the theory of self-efficacy and intrinsic value as a form of personal motivation. Technology can have a large effect on students' self-efficacy and intrinsic motivation because technology can create more individualized learning for students. According to Seung won Park, in regards to self-efficacy, "Students choose to engage in more challenging tasks, work harder, persist longer in the face of difficulties and perform better"(Park 2018). Self-efficacy can be one of the strongest factors to drive a student. I believe that self-efficacy is most effective when students are intrinsically motivated by subjects. Intrinsic motivation is defined as "enjoyment a student feels from performing a task" (Park 2018). I think intrinsic value is the most effective motivational strategy in terms of long term learning. Many of these subjects of motivation are closely tied to the Cognitivism theory of learning. This theory focuses on the internal process involved in learning on a cognitive level. Cognitivism allows students more chances for individualized learning and technology can help create more chances for students to engage with their intrinsic motivation. I think evolving teaching strategies using technology to engage students' intrinsic motivation will be one of the most effective ways in the future of education.   


Throughout this experience, I have learned many different teaching and learning strategies that expanded my knowledge of technology in education. Connectivism, Cognitivism and Constructivism are a few of the learning theories that I believe are essential to success in the classroom. These theories can be applied in many different ways and technology is one of the best tools to use to achieve academic equality and individuality.









**References**  
- West, Richard E., et al. “Communities of Innovation.” Foundations of    Learning and Instructional Design Technology, EdTech Books, 2013, edtechbooks.org/lidtfoundations/communities_of_innovation.
- Noonoo, Stephen. “Why Science Says Boredom Is Good for the Brain - EdSurge News.” EdSurge, EdSurge, 26 June 2019, www.edsurge.com/news/2019-06-25-why-science-says-boredom-is-good-for-the-brain.
- Shaffer, David Williamson, et al. “Video Games and the Future of Learning.” Foundations of Learning and Instructional Design Technology, EdTech Books, 2005, edtechbooks.org/lidtfoundations/video_games_and_the_future_of_learning.
- Ertmer, Peggy A., and Timothy Newby. “Behaviorism, Cognitivism, Constructivism.” Foundations of Learning and Instructional Design Technology, EdTech   Books, 2013, edtechbooks.org/lidtfoundations/behaviorism_cognitivism_constructivism.
- Park, Seung Won. “Motivation Theories and Instructional Design.” Foundations of Learning and Instructional Design Technology, EdTech Books, edtechbooks.org/lidtfoundations/motivation_theories_and_instructional_design.
